what's an RT what the hell do you mean
what's in our team I'm like a nurse but
a low-life touchy-feely and a little
more sugar to me sure you're way too
deep and you could go deeper I think I'm
in oh yeah
it's spreading Oh kinky
shut up fast trackers classic sake
did you really turn in pencil
do I have to soak that so when you're in
the clinic update the wall of CPAP I am
so over extra right up to it I'm just so
done classics on trees dredges so fat
so is that an S or an O so what's my
next step in you shouldn't thumbs change
warm
lassic sawtooth I can't find my chart I
can't find my charts nice Corral buddy
can you tell me what my mallet patty is
we really so good at Meany
scroll the Weiner that is classic sake
can you say that all again I don't hold
this slide mm-hmm
we don't have this slide
we can't read the question press the
shrink button Andy hit the shrink shrink
button Randy I'm not in pack though I'm
never having kids
how wide is 10 centimeters we got a to
money itself so once you get your tube
in oh I forgot something tip just look
did you leave it leave it down below any
more Lube Lube the to leave it anymore
dude supraglottic Lube
that's too much Lou I think you need
deep suction you're cranking you're
touching the teeth right off ah can't
get my tube in I hate the seamen's I
love the LTV a little weird oh I hate
the semen hate this ventilator there one
more thing PC and PC
I love the PB I hate the LDV
I love I love the l TV hey songs wrong
pika stupid middle spring stupid middle
spring salad alarms why is it beeping
soliton logs please silence your alarms
kick this seal
honey you're such a bitch daddy you're
such a bitch and I'm on your eyeless
face good shit work even supposed to be
good oh yeah squeeze my leg
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh stop don't stop
don't stop don't stop don't stop don't
stop don't stop don't stop keep going
keep going keep going keep going don't
stop don't get it all out yeah do you
have a patient today
no they're just super comfy did your
hospital or state or maybe she's got a
patient I can't wait to go cynical I
can't wait to go to clinical clinical
just wait till you get to Qatar boy oh
just wait till you get to clinical just
wait till you get mechanical just wait
until you get to clinical just wait till
you get to clinical
just wait till you get the quarterback
just wait yeah I killed sim man like it
when we drink we do it right
like three six now
like a g-spot